Update FAQ-Moving rsyslog debugging.md (#727)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/FAQ.md

## IP behind Triggers available in Playbooks Section

> For all our triggers available in our Playbooks section, used to retrieve your logs, we use `141.95.157.224`. This IP will be useful to setup filtering if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all the triggers available in the Playbooks section and that are used to retrieve your logs, we use the IP `141.95.157.224`. This IP will be useful to setup filtering options if needed.
```
